README.md, before:

# PopularMoviesProject

Popular Movies App - Android Development Nanodegree by Google (project 1 and 2)

Popular Movies project is a part of Android Development Nanodegree by Google.

It was later renamed to Tiolia Movies and it may downloaded on Google Play here:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tioliaapp.android.tioliamovies

Screenshots:

Portrait

![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_1.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_2.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_3.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_4.png)

Landscape

![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_5.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_6.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_7.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_8.png)

Description:

*	Tiolia Movies displays movie posters in a GridLayout and, when the user taps on a poster, it presents 
the main information about the chosen movie as well as allows the user to read reviews and watch videos on Youtube
*	Communicates with The Movie Database API from which gets information about popular and top rated movies
*	Allows the user to mark a movie as their favorite
*	Provides the user with the possibility to select which movie posters to display (popular, top rated or favorite) 
and choose to get notifications storing their choices in the preferences
*	Works offline as the app stores all the main information about movies in the local SQL database which is accessed 
through a content provider as suggested by Google
*	Uses services to sync local SQL database every ~4 hours and send notifications about the most popular movie
* Allows the user to share title, release date and rating of the chosen movie

This application uses the following libraries:
* Firebase JobDispatcher
* Butter Knife
* Picasso

I made this project to learn how to:
* use RecyclerView providing different layouts depending on different view types
(it was not required to use RecyclerView, but I chose to use it to learn how to apply it because it provides more 
functionalities than a simple ListView and it will be usefull to know how to implement RecyclerView in the future)
* use services to sync local database with the server and send notification
* allow the user to share specific information
* create CoordinatorLayout
* apply specific design  patters, such as Snackbar, CollapsingToolbar
* display videos on Youtube

Commit message:

Add note that the Movie Database API key should be inserted

README.md, after:

# PopularMoviesProject

Popular Movies App - Android Development Nanodegree by Google (project 1 and 2)

Popular Movies project is a part of Android Development Nanodegree by Google.

NOTE: If you run this project on your phone or emulator, you should insert your 
Movie Database API key in the NetworkUtils.java

It was later renamed to Tiolia Movies and it may downloaded on Google Play here:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tioliaapp.android.tioliamovies

Screenshots:

Portrait

![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_1.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_2.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_3.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_4.png)

Landscape

![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_5.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_6.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_7.png)
![Screenshot](screenshots/Screenshot_8.png)

Description:

*	Tiolia Movies displays movie posters in a GridLayout and, when the user taps on a poster, it presents 
the main information about the chosen movie as well as allows the user to read reviews and watch videos on Youtube
*	Communicates with The Movie Database API from which gets information about popular and top rated movies
*	Allows the user to mark a movie as their favorite
*	Provides the user with the possibility to select which movie posters to display (popular, top rated or favorite) 
and choose to get notifications storing their choices in the preferences
*	Works offline as the app stores all the main information about movies in the local SQL database which is accessed 
through a content provider as suggested by Google
*	Uses services to sync local SQL database every ~4 hours and send notifications about the most popular movie
* Allows the user to share title, release date and rating of the chosen movie

This application uses the following libraries:
* Firebase JobDispatcher
* Butter Knife
* Picasso

I made this project to learn how to:
* use RecyclerView providing different layouts depending on different view types
(it was not required to use RecyclerView, but I chose to use it to learn how to apply it because it provides more 
functionalities than a simple ListView and it will be usefull to know how to implement RecyclerView in the future)
* use services to sync local database with the server and send notification
* allow the user to share specific information
* create CoordinatorLayout
* apply specific design  patters, such as Snackbar, CollapsingToolbar
* display videos on Youtube
